Add missing 'instant' scroll behavior option value (#25467)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/scroll/index.md

    - `left`
      - : Specifies the number of pixels along the X axis to scroll the window or element.
    - `behavior`

>       - : Specifies whether the scrolling should animate smoothly (`smooth`), happen instantly in a single jump (`instant`), or let the browser choose (`auto`, default).

Reviewer: This is not quite grammatical: "Specifies whether the scrolling should ... let the browser choose (`auto`, default)."

Also it would be clearer if we put these options in a bulleted list. And can we be more helpful than "let the browser choose"? It seems that in the case of `auto`, behavior depends on the computed value of [`scroll-behavior`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-behavior). 

Perhaps we could say something like:

```suggestion
      - : Determines whether scrolling is instant or animates smoothly. This option is a string which must take one of the following values:
          - `smooth`: scrolling should animate smoothly
          - `instant`: scrolling should happen instantly in a single jump
          - `auto`: scroll behavior is determined by the computed value of {{cssxref("scroll-behavior")}}
```
